hi kids, do you like violence,
wana see israel and hamas throw rockets at eachothers civilians?
wana ignore peace and shout over above the crying
spread fibs and hide when you hear the sirens?

much of the arab civilization is dead weight, im trying to get my head straight
but I cant figure out which technological innovation theyre trying to demonstrate
and some left-wing advocate said, nothing you idiot, left-wing advocates are dead, locked in the political basement

well, since age 12, I thought israel was something else, never knew about the wall or this apartheid mess or how the world felt
got pissed off, ripped netanyahu's tits off, checked my privilege and tried to avoid the hate belt

i smoked a fat pound of grass and fell flat on my ass
tried to reason about the situation and come up with a solution fast
"C'mon guys!"
Look, wait a minute, we can reason this thing out
Shit, maybe not, did god send me to see the world out?

Hi! Who took over, who? Who invaded what? It's the same story all over again
Hi! Who took over, who? Who invaded what? It's the same story all over again

My hebrew teachers wanted to lie to me in junior high
thanks alot, what about all the thousands of innocents who died
I should have smacked em in the face with an eraser, but violence is like a stapler
commiting you to pile yourself higher than you'd have braced for

guy walks into a night club with his jacket zipped up
flashes the bartender, then explodes the place into dust
extrajudicials running over pedestrians
obliterating natural resources but screaming "cant you just be friends"?

ninety-nine percent of you have been lied to
the middle east isnt a land mass, no, its a fuckin typhoon
So buckle up and head out to quell the storm
or else just settle in, this violence here is the norm

you know something blew up when paramedics rush the stand
on the one hand target civilians, on the other target a militant van
And this guy at white castle is running his mouth about the situation
so I asked him, hey dave, can you even spell emancipation?

Hi! Who took over, who? Who invaded what? It's the same story all over again
Hi! Who took over, who? Who invaded what? It's the same story all over again

Stop the tape! this terror needs to be locked away
UN, don't just stand there, operate
But Hamas isn't ready to leave, its to scary to compromise
And besides, Israels terrorized the shit out of their people with military dives

So is it coming or going? I can barely decide
I just drank a fifth of vodka, dare me to get in a facebook argument tonight?
All their life they were very deprived
But does that mean they should launch rockets at the rich in their cozy hive?

Clothes ripped like a homeless man or the Incredible Hulk?
There's frustration in their society, they'll bomb any jew that walks
as little tykes theyre raised with hatred in their heart
but can you blame them? its israels a la cart

I lay awake and strap myself in the bed
they pray awake and strap bombs to the top of their head

So we're all steaming mad
and by the way, when you get over the fad
remember there's still food to grow, and fun to be had

Hi! Who took over, who? Who invaded what? It's the same story all over again
Hi! Who took over, who? Who invaded what? It's the same story all over again
